Assignment - Puzzle Application

Problem Statement

You need to design an interactive puzzle that can be solved on an online website.
The aim of the puzzle is to assess the soft skills of its users (eg - eye for detail, perseverance, curiosity, etc.)
The soft skills to be assessed by the puzzle can be chosen by you
The puzzle should incorporate direct or subtle methods of measuring these soft skills

What do we mean by an Interactive puzzle?
You must be familiar with the concept of a treasure hunt - a game in which players search for hidden objects by following a trail of clues
You need to build the same by hiding clues and treasures on the website
The clues can be simple text, videos, 3D animations, games, links or anything else that your user has to find or solve. Each clue tells your user where to find the next clue. The final clue leads to the treasure.
You are allowed to send users outside the website you build (eg. a clue can be an instagram post, youtube video etc.)

As you develop the puzzle, please keep in mind that it should revolve around a central theme and should be original, not copied from the internet.

Note : To ensure accessibility and ease of use for our users, it is mandatory to deploy this interactive puzzle on cloud-hosting websites such as GitHub.io or Netlify. This will enable our users to access and solve the puzzle seamlessly from any device with an internet connection.

Feature List (Must Have)

The Website should contain the following list of features
Anyone with an email address can create an Id and password to participate in the game
The puzzle must contain
Minimum 5 clues
Minimum 2 dead-ends
Minimum 1 solution
All the progress / user data (eg - time taken by each user for every step, solution accuracy, etc.) depending on your puzzle requirements should be stored for every user
On refreshing, from either browser or website, the puzzle should start from the same step or give the user an option to restart
A dashboard for the admin where the progress of all the users can be tracked & analyzed

Additional Requirements

These requirements are not mandatory but nice to have
User analytics (eg - time taken by each user for every step, solution accuracy, etc.) depending on your puzzle should be stored and shown in the admin dashboard
Data analysis using different graphs or tables
User Leaderboard

Tech Requirements
Readme.md should contain all the details of the project
The soft skills to be assessed by the puzzle
All the possible ways to solve the puzzle and the dead-ends should be documented for evaluation
Steps to set up the project
Mention a checklist of implemented features and additional features in the readme file
Use any language (and respective framework) given below for setting up the basic application
Python
Ruby
Javascript
All the code and documentation should be pushed to GitHub
Deploy the final application to any cloud-hosting website of your choice
Write automated test cases to verify all functional requirements

What to submit
Github repository link to the project
Hosting link (Heroku, netlify, etc.) for the puzzle
Admin ID & password for Puzzle Admin Dashboard
A brief note on the logic you are using to identify if a person has a soft-skill

What will be evaluated?
Feature List/ Requirements met (listed above)
Creativity of the clues
Logic & method of assessing the soft skills of your choice
Subtle methods of assessing skills are highly appreciated
Complexity of user analytics gathered, analysis done and insights reached